Since debugging on a cluster is hard,
Spark has a built-in user interface that you can access from your web browser.
This interface, known as the web UI,
helps you understand what's going on in
your cluster without looking at individual workers.
Spark's web UI is like
an EKG machine that helps you measure the health of your Spark jobs.
It's a very useful tool for diagnosing issues in your code and your cluster,
but it's just a tool.
You still need to know how to interpret the output and know where to investigate further.
When a doctor measures the patient's heart rate with an EKG,
she needs to understand not only how the heart works,
but also how the heart relates to other parts of the human anatomy.
Understanding the Spark internals like shuffling, DAGs,
and stages that we discussed in
previous lessons is like Anatomy 101 for your Spark cluster.
So, what does the web UI actually show?
The web UI provides the current configuration for the cluster which
can be useful for double-checking that your desired settings went into effect.
The web UI also shows you the DAG,
the recipe of steps for your program that we went through in lesson two.
You'll see the DAG broken up into stages,
and within each stage,
there are individual tasks.
Tasks are the steps that the individual worker nodes are assigned.
In each stage, the worker node divides up
the input data and runs the task for that stage.
The web UI only shows pages related to current Spark jobs that are running.
For example, you won't see any pages related to other libraries
like Spark Streaming unless you are also running a streaming job.
Before we actually do a walk-through of the Spark web UI,
let's talk a bit about how to connect to it.